What do you do with your voice? Yeah, I'll do mine later. I have a model of my voice, I think that would be kind of neat. Yeah, I was going to do it at some point because I don't know if it's hot. Yeah. Wait, so what were you saying about how you could do housing stuff? I don't think I feel like it's so bad. Well, it's sort of like legal arbitrage. Like, where, and technically developers are pursuing slash exploiting this at smaller scales, but in the last few years there's been collection of law changes at the state level, but also locally, and especially state level laws that influence local zoning, laws that when leveraging all of the changes can result in vast quantities of legal housing at an affordable price compared to currently to be built, and there's huge business opportunity, and there are startups focusing on one aspect of it, but you basically go in Greenfield with like, where you're not trying to just make ADUs, you're basically trying to work with people making ADUs, and then also like use the zoning stuff that makes it so you can, any commercially zoned lot can now have, buy, write multifamily housing as long as it's affordable. Like basically these things that like people who care are doing, but like imagine like that you could actually make the we work of housing. You could make we happen, and like then you would have so much power. But like you could combine all of the good parts of like things that like, I don't know, like true ownership economy could do, but like literally you could buy all these like rundown lots in urban areas of California and build like dozens or hundreds of housing units, and like you can do it. Like it's just, that's like one specific example, but like, I feel like people aren't combining all that stuff properly. Yeah, I feel like there's a lot of, there's a lot of weird stuff that makes it more expensive than I think it ought to. Like houses are oddly expensive. Timber is oddly expensive, honestly. Yeah. There's alternative materials. I guess what I'm saying is like the same like optimization via computers that like people do for other stuff. I think it would be interesting to like do it for housing because then think of all the people who could like move to California and have opportunity and enjoy the weather. For sure. And like afford to live here. Yeah. And yeah, it's just interesting because housing does get built, warehouses get built, like things get built, but it's just like not, like literally like it should be so common. It should be something that they can't get like get rid of. But it could be profitable, you know, you just have to figure out. Like Apple and Google managed to get a smartphone in each of our pockets. Yeah. You know, you could do something, you could always do something that seems weird. Like the fact that like I always tell people it's like a few years ago I saw like when the scooters all showed up in every major city around the world, like what were the series of events that caused that to happen? Yeah. It was primarily an infusion of venture capital that like sort of suspends the real world economics so that you can do like arbitrary things. Yeah. But like basically they created a little mini economic system that motivated random people to like stack 10 scooters on top of each other and stand on top and like drive it back to like some other place. Like so it's just like that's like some random activity that like the machine convinced humans, literal humans to do. So like what other, I mean TikTok is a mind virus that you could use to like, imagine if like a viral challenge was to build housing. Yeah. That's a simplification, but that's actually like a substrate I'm thinking about targeting for mass like influence is have like essentially really good bots that like are capable of being like passed as humans on the internet. And then like you can essentially use the fact that any account can go viral by nature of the fact that TikTok works like that. And then you can make it so like their systems can't detect it, and then you basically can you have like goals or outcomes that you want to happen but then you don't try the same thing over 1000 accounts you have 1000 unique ways of achieving the same thing. So like, even if they all were on there, you would actually realize they're trying to do the same thing. So it's like personalized subliminal messaging. Very interesting. Yeah. Yeah, I am quite fully understand how to implement that but like that kind of. Have you ever scraped a site that doesn't want you to be scraped. Sure, yeah, you do that but even crazier. Interesting. You slowly accrue cheap Android devices. Stick them under. And eventually you don't do that manually use the resources that you accrue to have automated means of doing that. You have an app that millions of people download that just so happens to be using connecting to a network that allows encrypted private computation to be arbitrarily processed and then delivered back to that end user. Yeah. A good evil genius. Maybe Barton is too. But I mean you're probably on board with all the craziness that's going to happen in the next couple years but I don't think most people are prepared. Yeah, it's gonna be. It's already been really interesting, especially seeing it with the rate it propagates because there's like a delay. So like, for me like being really in the thick of it in the Bay Area it's like, you know, seems almost normalized at this point and then you step out of that it's like really weird. I know, like there's, it's like weird when chat GPT went viral because like is delayed like nationally you know and like probably because I was like old news. But I think what's really the difference is like, I guess, the vitality of these, like you can't put it back in the bottle so to speak like capable language models that can. It's almost like if there's an opportunity cost to do arbitrary things like it's somehow like a race that for like a huge category of stuff. Yeah. So now it's like you can do things that were otherwise like not feasible economically or labor. Yeah. And that just like changes everything. That's like the biggest thing because like everyone's always been like if I had this way that the computer could, you know, like I had to tell it to do something and then then it did it, I can do this. Yeah, now that is the reality. Yeah. You know, and that means like cascading gains you can get like I've been like, yeah, I don't know. That's why I feel strongly that like I need to recreate something as good as like whatever, open it up to like, you know, like, whatever, opening Microsoft or whatever does, but like as like a human, right, like as, as good as clean, not bottled water, you know, like, this is going to be like, whether or not you want to your brain's gonna be augmented by this stuff. Alright, for sure. Like even the internet is, you know, there's slices of your consciousness all over, whether it's WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, email, but now it's like we have a chance to unify it and make it like not owned by a private corporation. And this whiteboard shows how to do it. Yes. Yeah. So what do you want me to like, what do you want to know? No. To your question. To your question, do we have markers? Yeah, we do markers. Okay, cool. I'm interested in trying to figure out. What's your most pressing need that you need to solve for Playgrid? That could be a good way to think about it. That's a good question. Yeah, we have actually been talking kind of similar to, I mean, you're saying kind of about the parts of your personality being fragmented. We were kind of talking about this, like trying to extract, you know, your twins from different places, right? Because like Rewind AI makes a really great twin of you actually, just by watching everything. Rewind the AI chat thing you were talking about. Yeah, like you can. I've seen bar in screenshots on the responses. So yeah, you can. Yeah, I like was, I was like on the first Rewind beta and then I stopped using it because it wasn't there yet. But you know how like when people ship it gets way better. So I need to return it on. But it's gotten a lot better. It's like, let's see, I wonder if it, have I messaged you at all from my computer? I may or may not have. We'll see. Yeah, actually one of the first things I did was like hack it so I could get Rewind on my iPhone. I did it in a clever way. Really? How'd you do that? I just like screen shared, like a custom screen sharing thing to, well initially I had it plugged in where I did the AirPlay to my MacBook and then it was basically catching everything on my phone because it was a screen on the computer. And then I wanted something that would work when I wasn't on the same Wi-Fi. So I built a workflow, like the workflow thing, whatever they call it, or shortcuts that it would take screenshots like every big screen recordings. And then it's really just like a screen recording that would trigger like in minute intervals and then it would save it, sync it to iCloud use of action, which would show up on a folder in my, on my Mac studio or my computer that was running in a fixed place. And then it would open that up and then achieve the same thing. It would like basically like burn the image into its memory. That is a really good idea. Yeah. So like you basically had like a Mac server that was just constantly like looking through those. Yeah, I mean that was like sort of my rewind thing because then like if I had this I connected to my Mac with parsec so like the device I was always using was like my permanent Mac. But yeah, I thought the phone thing was interesting because like so much happens on your phone. And, you know, like, there are ways to like hack it. Yeah, for sure. And like I even tried to make like use. I think this could probably work if I spend more time on it but basically like have it connect to a tail scale network and then have like the tunneling so like AirPlay would somehow work but I think Apple has like some, it's using some, some heuristic to detect like if it's on like a physical, physically the same thing but like it's similar processes. Yeah, but then I just stopped using it because I had like, I sold the master because I got it for this contract with 98 money so true. Yeah, but yeah anyways like so you have like these sort of shards or fragments of your digital twin. And I think Barton was saying this too but you want to try and unify that somehow. Yeah, single interface. Yeah, yeah, I mean, ruined is a really great way to do that in some senses because like theoretically if it was advanced enough and it was on your phone and it saw you listening through songs or scrolling through YouTube, it could just get an idea of what the algorithm recommends you. Like you could learn the algorithms learning. Yeah, like visuals is like there's some crazy tweet that pissed a lot of people off, and initially I was like what, but then I was like, images are like going to be like the API of the future. Because they can just like contain so much more than structured text or unstructured texture. Yeah, but yeah I mean like it just be interesting if you know like rewinds a commercial product but it would be interesting if like we could augment, like, like just like use it as like a source. Yeah, and like also a sink. Exactly. And this is the other thing that's sort of related is I want to give an agent or an alt, like the ability to use a mobile phone. Yeah, because there's so many things that would be cool if it could use it, but not like via us digital means but actually like you know those like funny means where it's like some robot like