I guess the more information I have, I'm taking away forever, but like, I think like this is the summer where I actually write something. Car remains. That's good. Yeah, I think that because it looks so shitty, it looks like just like a homeless person's car. No one ever breaks into it, but they really should. There's some good stuff. I spilled my fiber capsules. Wow. So I had to pick them up. They're like psyllium husk. Interesting. Yeah. Okay, so obviously I rant a lot, but I guess you're used to that. Yeah, yeah, I missed that. I guess one thing I'm good at is when I have to like go from the infinite unbounded potential of infinity, I can like implement things. Like I was like, back in the day when I worked at companies, I was a very good product builder. And that's great. Yeah. Like I am excited for stuff. Oh yeah, I totally believe that. I just like decided that I didn't want to commit. And then like even the AI shit, like that shit, I want to like have some like content to supply if I fuck shit up. Yeah, that totally makes sense. I think the AI in so far as zipping an incident mechanism is a... The what? Should we add time to your car? Yeah, I mean I think we probably can because... Oh, it still has 20 minutes. I think it's because it's maxed two hours. Oh, you can't see that. That's it. I don't know. You're a hacker. I want to see what it does. Oh, it has a tap thing. Yeah. I didn't even notice that. Okay, I guess limit reached. Yeah, the only thing it's done is like... A lot of the parking is full of things. Like it says a two hour limit, but... Interesting. This doesn't know that it's the same car, but like you can carry the parking police. Did they mark your tire or anything? No. Good judge. I would say, please wait. When I got here, there was a guy on that side. I mean, he was like... Yeah. Can I drive? We could use the valet here. I mean, I can go on for like... I don't know if I'm fine with taking a nap. Okay, that's fair. That's fair. Yeah. Okay, now I have more time. I guess like going back to the initial thing, which was like... Now that you know some hand wavy stuff about how this sort of architecture could work, in some combination of like... Imagine like there's the five buckets, compute and networking. Yeah. And then there's storage, identity and payments. And I have an exhaustive, literally list of various technologies that can slot into those things. And if combined in the right way, using existing technology, it's all possible. Is that what you need? Like you need like a... I mean, that's definitely I think what we're building towards. So in some sense, yeah, I would say so. Do you need a subsection of that first? Yeah, we need a subsection. I mean, because basically we need to deploy more stuff, because I think getting the final solution finally right isn't gonna happen anytime soon. Yeah, for sure. So we're just trying to bootstrap this to the point where other people can take it and run with it and iterate on it, as long as it's using a standardized protocol, so that things can interoperate. But like, you still want to have it with micro inverters? Yeah. So that's what I was gonna say. Yeah. So like there's, yeah, I mean, there's obviously, like, we've looked a lot into, you know, this thing is really quirky, into distributing our... Distributing is kind of a weird word to use here, but like getting users through the browser, like you were mentioning, which I think is a good approach because it scales really easily. And we've also thought a lot about giving free GPT, because that's kind of what we've done in the past. Users are just like, here's GPT4, it's free if you use our stuff. So like, come use our stuff. Have you specifically done? Yeah, that's what we've done in the past as a way to get engagement. Yeah, but what I was saying is like, if you like, did the hype enough, you could like get people to like subscribe via some communication channel, promising like a GPT4 level chat GPT. And then once you have enough connected nodes, you could turn it on and then in theory the network itself would serve it. The other option, and that like, that way you can verify like the architecture works without having to commit to like new hardware. Yeah. Because technically like you could, if you have the concept of IO, like you can then embed like a little version of that. Like it really just it could run like a browser. Yeah. Like you could put a little smartphone and like hook it up to, you know, a little battery pack. Yeah. I mean, for now we can basically bootstrap by giving people free access to GPT4 and then later having it run a local model. I have a local model runs on my phone. It's pretty incredible. Like I was on the airplane. I could ask it stuff that I would normally Google, but it would have like answers. And it's crazy. That's how large, how much? That's a great question. I actually don't know how big the app is on my phone. That's like what I kind of, I want like, like there's good things about like IPFS versus files. There's some things that are trying to add compute to IPFS like, and I want to, as an observer of the chaos of the universe, I feel strongly about bringing the best parts together of all those things. Yeah. Not to like create a universal standard, but to create a substrate for new life to evolve on. I think that's sort of what Martin wants too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's definitely about more than just energy if, yeah. One second. What's the app called? I'm trying to remember. Energy is important, but I think like. Energy is just a portion of it. Yeah. And they'll see chat. Like, I don't know. There's people, again, there's people like that I thought over the past two years would do what I've been trying to do, but they haven't. You can't see the app because it's in test flight. Oh, like in this list? Yeah, because it's a test flight app. So for the dots. I have it. Oh, yeah. I'm wondering if I can see how big it is. Should. That's the other thing too is like, pretty small, pretty small figures. You can use like, you can use hardware GPUs in browsers. Yeah. That's something we definitely explore. And this is like a whole other thing I didn't talk about, but from like the distro that's like the corporate AOL, like I'm working on some kind of legal tech, which is to let anyone spin up like a virtual currency, a la Fortnite vCash or Minecraft, Pucks or whatever. So then you can have like real world stakes, but it's kind of like the various legal frameworks of the world. And then what's cool is like eventually you can like eject that reality that's living in latent space if you wanted to. Yeah. And that can become its own distro. But that's like a topic for another day. Yeah. I just like want to like make a, like I just want to see what AI's make you feel real, but also like contains enough. And then I want humans to be able to riff on things that also have real world content. Yeah, I totally agree. It's like people tried crypto tokens as a way to have economic things, but like obviously with like the SEC, it's not going to work right now, but like, you know, it does work. RuneScape gold has for two decades. Yeah. Let's get everyone like a stripe for RuneScape. I'm not in the dozens. Yeah, because you can have a legally compliant currency that lets your users care, motivated by some shiny piece of material. And then you let them have idea sex with the world's cutting edge LLMs. And then like you have automatic attribution of the IP, but it's all happening in a simulated reality that conforms to whatever laws you gave it at the charter. That's like the idea. Yeah. But I have ADHD and other cognitive impairment, so we'll be checking that. That's for sure. One of the things I want to do right now to deploy would be to get like Nvidia Jetson. Oh yeah. I want to like find one. I have one in my hotel room. Really? Yeah. I want to get an A100 and an H100. Yes. And then we need to make L's California. Yes. Because we're going to just put up a steel building and like use the power of the sun to... Yeah, incorporate. Yeah. But what do you want to deploy? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So just like a Jetson basically. And like just literally connected to like a relay so that I can... And you know, like a power supply so that I can... And then 3D print a little enclosure for it so that it's like a thing that you can just plug into your wall. Yeah. Right? Connect to your local network and it can run a bunch of these, you know, apps, be a part of the boarder network, but also do like some really basic functionality like turn it on and off in the AC appliance because then you plug into it. Like it's basically like one of those smart sockets, right? Yeah. I can help with that. Yeah. I know that if we don't even want to 3D print ourselves, there's places that can print it for you and deliver in like a day or two. That'd be great. Yeah. I mean, just like, I feel like just something, you know, it's like a proof of concept that does something that interacts with the real world in some way is kind of cheap and then is able to run some of these apps because like, I think like the, like there's kind of two scaling vectors that I see, which is like the browser, like you were saying, which is obviously like massive scale. Kind of like a thin client. Yeah. But like I want to, we need to bootstrap the hardware somewhat in order to like show that this is actually not just about compute, that's fully virtual, that it's also about interacting with the real world. Yeah. And then the other thing is like, it's like, it's like a very basic functionality, but it's a way to add capabilities to the network in the physical space. And matter just finally became that finalized. I don't think I am. It's like a, it's the framework to rule them all for like IoT smart home stuff. It's finally like being integrated in all like your Google shit and like your Apple and yeah, like it's a, it's really cool. Look it up. Like we could like, it's actually serendipitous timing that like it was finally standardized and agreed by like big players. Yeah. Cause this is like how it can talk to an, it's like mesh versus like hub and spoke, but like you can see it's kind of like an evolution of like they started in 2019, but like all these people basically it's like projected and we'd be alliance. Yeah. I would definitely dig into this cause like that's how like things can talk like that can be like the way these things like wirelessly. But I do think like what we should think of is like a proprietary in the sense that we're the ones who come up with it, but a connector that can connect impermanently like it, but like solidly for power and data. And then we should, like then we, it's sort of like, you know, like, you know, like Arduinos and even like raspberry pies are useful because they have compute, but then the connectors allow people to build. Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, that's kind of why judges have that too. But we need like something like slightly more flow like, right? Yeah, I wanted to have like the polish of like some sort of stem point that cost $100 but also like is hackable. I'd like to build a bunch of radios into it so that it can talk what like, you know, could do, it could be it could do 802.11, it could do all these different things so that if you had other smart devices theoretically it could kind of like emulate one of them and interact with them. Yeah, that's all possible. I guess like in the same way that like a lightning connector is like useful for Apple stuff, like what's like the USB-C and maybe it literally is USB-C, but like what's like the part connector that like, but independent people like literally click things, like what's our, what's our make safe, you know? That also like has data. And maybe it is, thank you. It is USB-C. But it's probably like one of those USB-Cs with like a home safe thing. I mean, you've probably heard of the framework laptop, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, like they came up with a way to have ports with that for like, right. Right. Because it's obviously like, I'm like how there's like, you know, different gauge wires, there's different size HDMI things for various reasons, like you're going to need something that can like work for high power and low power stuff. For industrial, I was thinking of just building a PLC CPU. What's the acronym for PLC? Programmed Logic Controller for like battery automation. And like those are super standard, right? They go on, they go on mounting rails and it's already a standardized thing. You know what, there's a very good example of a port that is still used that was a standard that they somehow made a thing with the OBD ports and like that. Oh yeah, yeah, it's true, yeah. Like that's like the one thing that like, we almost made OBD but for smart. Yeah. Like where you can just plug in like a thing and it is like, again like sources and syncs, you know, like we need to like. Yeah, I mean I think a lot of them are networked so it's probably the key to get the devices is just speaking whatever language they do. But like a lot of smart devices can already interoperate and up because there's stuff like IFTTT out there. Yeah. Where, yeah. I think maybe the answer is like matters or like because it's just all wireless but like what's the real circuit that you put in anything to make it be able to be like both a node and a router. That's what matters. Yeah, well that's kind of, I think that's kind of like the goal is like you basically you start with like I guess what I could call like a hub device which is like you know just a Jetson and maybe it interoperates and kind of is orchestrating other smart devices that are not that smart. But then like you continue to shrink it down until it's embedded where it's then a processor that can embed in anything. Yeah, the size of an AirPod or AirTag. I mean Apple basically does that with AirPods. AirPods, how do you mean? Like it has like a accelerometer, it has like a. Oh yeah. It can like locate itself in various wavy wag things. Yeah, I mean Matter probably has it like since it's a standard it probably has a Jetson adapter to have like a wire. Yeah, yeah. And then like that's like the wireless thing. But I do think like the part that does this is a durable like physical connector. Because I guess like people don't want to have to solder. Yeah. And like. You can use like wag out connectors and stuff like that. It's kind of what Netson does. I'm just sort of thinking like if we could get that right. Like for example like one of the selling points of the power system that like Ecoful has not their battery like their battery boxes. But like the ones that like can plug in more batteries. That'd be funny if you could put it there. Yeah. You could probably put an iPad Mini there. Yeah, it's close. Yeah, that's why I want them to remake the 12 inch Mac look but like with edge to edge screen and stuff. It's even smaller. That was two times like in 2015 so now it's like a light. Yeah. But yeah so basically like that's it. So like you can have like. I don't know like technically we need to do what Ecoflow did but make it an open stand. Yeah. Like Ecoflow is making a closed version of like they have their X-Flow connector. Like they have all these connectors. Like it's the whole problem like that car like EV chargers have. I have half of it in here but I have a series of essentially dongles. It dongles all the way down but I have a thing that can charge like it can get AC power from an EV charger because someone made a EV J45 connector that then goes to an AC outlet. But because AC outlets in America output at like 215 volts or something. I need to down transform it to 110. So but then like I can basically sit at an EV charger and trickle like have AC power going into it to charge it over a watt. That is hilarious. So like we should be able to do that and we should be able to have everything instrumented. You know? Like we should be like we should be the rail for power but then smart power. You know? Because like the state of California wants everyone to have batteries in their houses so then when shit hits the fan they can take it from their house autonomously. Like that is part of their planning. Like they need that to happen. Like how do we make that happen without like these legacy providers like offering subcontinent and then pass the offer in there. I guess it's crazy that like we haven't even like people are pushing solar and now they're pushing solar and battery. So like there's not even a solution for it. I think I sent some of the ones that are like in between fully DIY and fuel flow or like test the power wall but those aren't easy enough. Like is there even anything that exists like for an end user that is like this? I guess electrical outlet. Stuff that was invented 100 years ago. I mean I guess like all the internet eventually is like an example. Like ethernet ports and all that stuff. I mean yeah there's some stuff. USB-C is a decent example. USB is nice. Yeah like maybe that's how it connects. Like it just sticks out and then like you have well I guess you'd have to have it where it's like a dual side of one that you put like on there and then maybe you have magnets like a circle of like dots. Like you'd have to have it where it's like a dual side of one that you put like on there and then maybe you have magnets like a circle of like dots. Yeah. So I'm just like thinking like how would you build like something that like could be on a desk that like that's sort of what frame rate does. Yeah I think the bar is kind of low too. Like I think like so like for example there's companies like IFTTT that are out there that are able to make IFTTT. Exactly yeah. Like they don't really make anything it's just like smart devices suck at interoperating so much that their product is just making it suck less. And so like I think a lot of these devices already like even if you don't have perfect control over them if you are able to reveal to a user more information in like a useful way then people will like that and then that kind of pressures companies to integrate into that more. I wonder if the matter standard could something we could piggyback off of where each little component has like the technology that it needs. Because that's the idea is like your HomePod your Apple shipped like the HomePod minis with that stuff for matter to work and then when the standard was finalized they pushed it update so then your HomePod minis have that. So like. That's really interesting. You just need to see like how small I could get but like because then imagine it's like you don't have to have a physical connector for the data but then it's like how do you power it. And then when mag safe. Well I mean so what are you already powered by something right there plugged into the wall typically. I know I know but thinking about like. Okay so I have this dilemma right now. I got this like cheap. Like it was returned from REI got this like river. I think they'll go river pro. Original one that was pro. It's like now like way warped by like even. Like the delta max or whatever just the delta but I have a decision. But I like it. It's right there. It has a proprietary adapter that can connect to essentially their battery extender like there it's the same same size but it doubles the output and doubles the hours. And then that's the main thing. Like basically I could run air conditioner and I'd have double the hours but that's $300 on Amazon. It used to be like $500. So that means like I could spend some more on something that like is dated and like doesn't. I can't upgrade or I could. I mean I could pull up the things that I was gonna buy but then did it because I was like why is this so fucking expensive. I could spend money on like $600 on the newer version of that. That still isn't what I need. You can't expand what I need. Yeah. Or I could have like a complete mess of wires and buy. I was gonna buy this which can fit my 400 watt solar panel which is not physically here and a 3000 watt inverter. But these are all running a different software stack. They don't talk to each other. They're in cases that are bulky. Like I want the experience where I can. Like even if I don't assemble it I want some supplier to assemble it with the exact features I want. I mean really it's like a framework but for gadgets I guess. I mean frameworks are one of the few companies that actually like survive like more than a couple years their Kickstarter phase like because they're. Yeah. I was skeptical of it but like there is some new stuff but like there's definitely like a desire for like these $3000 behemoth like charger like anchor power high power whatever or eco flow delta pros. But like if one little piece breaks if you want to expand it if you want to like for example this doesn't have that export thing that the delta pro has and you know what else like anchors is better in a lot of ways now and it's cheaper than the eco flow delta pro why is it so long. But it doesn't have the like the why the EV charging thing and that's a feature I care about. So like yeah and like I technically have that now but it's in like a bulky setup and like using like random parts that I don't know if they're going to like light on fire. Yeah I think like a part of this is just going to be having to like pressure manufacturers to interoperate like if enough users demand it. You have to give them an incentive. Yeah incentive is like kind of like if you can make more like if you can offer them more users or like if people would I guess you kind of maybe it's like more users network effect or you promise them. Yeah it makes it easier to integrate you give them like hardware kits and then I guess maybe you give them like a way to recoup their hardware costs. Ideally you make it pretty cheap too. Yeah but I'm more saying like like you know how like smart TVs like run ads there's even some guy who's trying to make free TVs that like have like a dedicated screen for ads or whatever. What the fuck. Yeah and you know like Amazon like. Why would anyone buy that. You know Amazon has like the ad free version of the Kindle which is more than the ad version and they can pay to unlock it. Like what's the like non intrusive way of that and I think it is along the lines of what I was talking about where the network is capable of like balancing like continually training like AI based model like a Lambda equivalent that like the network's purpose is to like make this as a public good for humanity. And then like the people who contribute their compute get like the user of the device gets that in their life. World coin. Yeah yeah. But like that's an example. And then like the person who manufactured it gets that accrue to them. So like there's an incentive to distribute there's an incentive to use and then like it's like you give a portion of it back to the manufacturer basically. Yeah. So like recoup their cost to like. And then like if anything that is a computer could run this then it's like you could retrofit it to old devices or new devices. Yeah yeah. That's the way I feel like you have to do it. Like not in the exact way maybe but like where there's incentive for the end user to keep using this device because it will one be good for humanity but also they get like a little dividend. Yeah. And then you harder developers have like they get the ease of use for I mean it's kind of like what iPhones are like. Yeah. I mean it would be really cool would be if you like had like an SDK where like you basically had a bunch of FPG or like a bunch of like processors that were implemented as IP cores and FPGAs. And then what you could do is say like instead of using this processor use this FPGA with this with like loaded with this bit screen. It's a drop in replacement. It'll re implement all the logic of your current chip already in this current diagram. But like but with additional functionality like a bit off the top. Really. Exactly. Yeah it's almost like hardware sidecars. Yeah like a slightly more expensive processor but you don't need to redesign any of your circuits. You know you just replace it with this other chip. Yeah. I guess like you could probably simulate that at the software level to prove out the concept at first. Yeah. Just have a software sidecar that does that. And then you have things where the performance like you have it on like things where the performance doesn't matter. And that's like the idea with the browsers is like you have a distribution channel. Like I was saying you like what if you could convince Netflix to like put this on their TV apps and all like the millions of TVs that are in the country. Yeah and then like I got here. They get a rebate essentially and like they have it where there's a crazy thing is like what if you mentioned like the chip replacement. Like what if like it could do this like extra side stuff while it like in the like hardware accelerated decoding process. So like you it's like doing additional like side compute in like the hardware part so you don't have to modify. Exactly. Yeah. And then you could do it like in the fact that like web technology widgets are like a thing. So even like it would be less efficient. You could like make it where it doesn't degrade the end user experience. But like you can totally I think there's enough TVs where like every TV that watches Netflix every evening could have 10 percent of its like a non noticeable like it could be in the privacy policy and stuff like like program running like these packets that are just like compute that like the market is essentially like how people can buy ad spend. I got sort of like those little. Google is like sort of doing that but just for ads they did last 20 years. Imagine if it's just like general compute doesn't have to be performant because it's compute that would have been wasted. And then you have something where like like maybe you offset like you like carbon offsets the additional electricity use or something like to make it not make bad. Yeah. Like the TV is on its software is getting more performant. You know like TVs are getting better. Yeah. A lot of time your TV isn't doing anything. It's just like sitting there a CPI it's on but it's not on. Like they don't encode the like film brain that directors want in like the video clip they apply it as a filter on the devices themselves. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. And like maybe not Netflix but some of the countless other like streaming apps that wants to have cost efficiencies like. Yeah. Yeah. I mean yeah. You could benefit the user this way. You know it creates value and you return some value to the user. And then we manufacture. What if we. I mean Roku would just want ads and this but what if we got every Roku to have this. And then like they should show it like 10 percent less. I'm trying to root a Roku the other day. But like that. I know that equivalent. Yeah. Or like. Yeah. Mobile billboards. I hate Roku so much. But yes. Yeah. No I think. But that's the thing about the browser based thing is like you can have all these different processors like these independent deployment mechanisms load up this kernel but it never be duplicated. Yeah. And like you could do that with like like software applications. Yeah. And then you could do any other deployment things because they're basically I mean the web thing it's cool because of the unique service workers hack like that works today we're like it would load the same I frame which would be cached via service worker and then it would turn on the P2P network and all those websites would know that there's there would only be like one single version of it. And they're all. Yeah. But I mean like other like you could do it do it in steam. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you. Do you have access to a lab space down here in L.A. I've been trying to find one but I know places like a maker space type thing. So yeah like somewhere you can do some basic electronics work. That has been on my to do list. I just am short on capital so I haven't done anything myself. Yeah that makes sense. I was trying to find other people who are interested. Yeah that would be useful. Yeah I need like a place where I can make things happen. Yes I am acquiring things that would be useful in like a little hardware thing. Apparently the form of that is a tent from Harbor Freight in Victorville my friend's property. But yeah there's this thing that's like sort of like co-working but for wear spaces it's primarily for like commerce stuff. But you could probably do that. Yeah. And like space in kind of East L.A. Yeah I was curious if I'm okay I have a space in that stuff and there's obviously noise bridge and stuff like that. But just because like I think I'd I'd really like to just build something you know like just like just like it could be a really really really limited functionality. I've been doing hardware simulators but it would be cool to do it in real life. Yeah. Because I used to do it all the time like you know I was like I was the funny about noise bridge I tried to find something like that here but I missed that a lot. I think there is a space down here I don't remember what it's called. There's one in UCLA but you have to be a student. I think there's a hackerspace down here. If you find it. Yeah I'll ask around. That's why I want to buy land to get a steel structure. Oh yeah for sure. Because then it's like if you have desert with solar panels and like you can get water by stealing it from the air. Yes. I don't know because you're not doing it at a large scale. Yeah. Well cool. I think I've probably gone to Colborton but it was great meeting you and talking. Yeah for sure. How long are you here for? I don't know. Do you like being here? Like why are you here? I don't like it that much. Why are you here? For some reason my 16th sister's parents let me down. Yeah. He should come once in a while. Yeah he doesn't like it. I don't like it but he likes it less than I think. Oh yeah I should. You told me what neighborhoods in SF you like. Oh yeah that's true. I like the Mission obviously. I like North Beach. Is this the main area of LA you hang out around? Yeah it's the only part of LA I've ever been to. Yeah you have to go to some other places for that. Like I feel like you'd like just LA honestly. Yeah I've been told to check out Beverly Hills. I have? I have been told to. I haven't. It's very like nice looking. Nice looking. Yeah. I know. LA's so big. Like you look at like the downtown, the skyscrapers and you're like damn is that Las Vegas all the way out there? Right? Yeah that's the thing like I thought LA was the most catamaran I've ever been to. I've been to all the other places and I've literally all I do is like try to find new things I haven't been to all the areas. It's crazy. It's so big. I've barely been around LA and I lived here for like two months. Well there's definitely places that are sort of like those places but not right here. Yeah I should just I should check it out more. I just haven't the traffic that gets me. I could circle potentially interesting things on a map. Yeah please do. Yeah. Also if you want like a mall that could be like a good like arcology type thing. Sure. Like it's semi outdoors like there's like Century City Mall. Cool. I feel like sometimes malls are like what urbanism could be if the store is for a thousand or something. Yeah. That's a cool mall. Yeah definitely some of that stuff to me. And you know let's stay in touch and talk a little bit more about deployment stuff. I think right now honestly the most important thing. Well I don't want to say the most important thing but like one of the important things is just like just deploying something you know. Yeah I probably should write some code for the kernel. I mean. I've like intentionally not done it for like this whole time because I don't want to be locked in but you got to make stuff to make stuff. It's true. It's true. Yeah I just want to get some hardware on the network. You know like actually like like see some stuff in the network that's controlled by floor grids that floor grid is actually floor gridding as opposed to you know what it's currently doing which is not floor gridding. Well I think it's kind of funny how there's not good. Like I've been I thought like that some stuff to like just try to like rip out the brains and like put my own brain. Yeah. Like that's annoying too so it's like. Oh it's super annoying. Yeah. So like that approach took more effort than I thought it would so it's almost like we should just like. It's good learning. It's like it's good learning but. Get the components without brains and then add the brains. Yeah yeah. At least as a at least as a proof of concept. I like we could definitely build a smart inverter and then like embed a floor grid nexus into it and then and have this as a demo of like here is you know do your other manufacturers please do this. Does it even have to have like a custom piece? No it doesn't. No it doesn't. I mean if you think these days are so easy to get now I. That's the thing I was excited about is I found this place that lets you like ship even like one at a time through your house. Oh wow. Yeah I can get like three PCBs from like PCBWay in like three days. I mean I or you can wait like a week and get Oshpark rushed. Yeah there's this other one that I forget the name of that sounds like PCBWay. JLC? Which one? JLC PCB? Maybe yeah. There's like a move over. Yeah I think that's JLC. Yeah okay well. Yeah it was great meeting you and I'll see you don't forget your water yeah I'll either see you again while I'm here or I'll see you again sometime soon. I don't know whether you're gonna head out unless you open up and still arrive. Alright sounds good. Bye. Thank you. Olga...